# Strategic-Thinking--CA
Stroke is presently the fifth greatest cause of death in the United States, yet the number of stroke deaths has declined over the past ten years (Guzik and Bushnell, 2017). The growing usage of particular preventative drugs like statins and antihypertensive is also contributing to the decline in the incidence of new and recurrent strokes (Barthels and Das, 2020). The main risk factors that can be altered are those that cannot be changed (such as age, and gender), those that are well-documented and changeable (such as high blood pressure, smoking, and diabetes), and those that are less well-documented or changeable (alcoholism, drug abuse) (Prabhakaran and Chong, 2014).
Stroke care and diagnosis have been improved due to their detrimental effects on society (Yoo et al., 2012). Caretakers can improve patient management by methodically mining and storing the patient's medical records due to an increasing synergy between technology and medical diagnosis (Alaka et al., 2020). Consequently, it is crucial to investigate how these risk variables interact with one another in patient health records and comprehend how they each contribute differently to stroke prediction (Dev et al., 2022).
The main contribution of this work will be to elucidate in detail the various risk factors for stroke prediction, to contribute even more to preventive strategies for these patients, and help health professionals with a more effective approach. Therefore, for the development of this research, the CRISP-DM methodology is used as the structure to follow, we will explore all the stages below. 
